Address Éric's review (#253)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

To this end, this document specifies the following new set: SLH-DSA standalone and the two ML-* as composite with ECC-based KEM and digital signature schemes.
Here, the term "composite" indicates that any data structure or algorithm pertaining to the combination of the two components appears as single data structure or algorithm from the protocol perspective.

> The document specifies the conventions for interoperability between compliant OpenPGP implementations that make use of this extension and updates RFC 9580 by adding KEM and signature algorithms specified in {{composite-kem-section}}, {{composite-signature-section}}, and {{slhdsa-section}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document specifies the conventions for interoperability between compliant OpenPGP implementations that make use of this extension and updates [RFC9580] by adding KEM and signature algorithms specified in {{composite-kem-section}}, {{composite-signature-section}}, and {{slhdsa-section}}.
```
Better as a reference?
